DISCLAIMER
PLEASE READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE CONTINUING WITH THIS PROGRAM INSTALL.
The health information contained herein is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended to replace discussions with a healthcare provider. All decisions regarding patient care must be made with a healthcare provider, considering the unique characteristics of the patient.

TruMedicine's End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between You (either an individual or a single entity) and TruMedicine software("SOFTWARE"). By installing, copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE, You agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If You do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not install or use the SOFTWARE. It is important that you read this document for the full explanation of our privacy practices. We receive information that: you allow us to collect when you use certain App features, we get from seeing how you use App, we get from communicating with you, We use this information to: We provide App features and services to you, manage and improve the TruMedicines website, app and services analyze how you use App, provide you with information, diagnose technical problems and maintain security provide you with marketing that is relevant to you. We share this information with: Business partners, which may include advertising partners, businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that TruMedicines is part of, or that become part of the same group, outside parties to comply with the law and legal obligation. We store information: primarily in the United States, but may also use other locations around the world.

Welcome to TruMedicine App ("TruMedicines," "we," "us" or "our"). TruMedicine provides an fast and accurate image recognition search. After an image is taken, using the built in camera capture feature, it then defines the image and gives the user multiple options for that image thereafter. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, web site, and any software provided on or in connection with TruMedicine services (collectively, the "Service"), and your choices about the collection and use of your information. By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to take, define, and share images ("User Content"), by the Service and to share User Content privately. This means that other Users may search for, see, use, or share any of your User Content that you make privately available through the Service, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service ("Users"). 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT We collect the following types of information.
Information you provide us directly: Communications between you and TruMedicine. For example, we may send you Service-related emails (e.g., changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related emails. Analytics information: We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User. Cookies and similar technologies: When you visit the Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use TruMedicine and provide features to you. We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party. Log file information: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access (i.e., visit) a web page or app. It can also be provided when the content of the web page or app is downloaded to your browser or device. When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information, including your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, GPS, and other such information. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service. Device identifiers: When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "device identifiers." Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by TruMedicine. A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled. Metadata: Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content. For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted. Users can add or may have Metadata added to their User Content including a GPS geotag (e.g., to mark your location to a photo). If you geotag your photo or tag your photo using other's APIs then, your latitude and longitude will be stored with the photo and can be sharable searchable (e.g., through a location or map feature) if your photo is shared by you through the social sharing feature. 2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to: provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service develop and test new products and features monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns diagnose or fix technology problems automatically update the TruMedicine application on your device provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing 3. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION We will not rent or sell your private contact information, such as username, user ID, device ID, email address, etc. to third parties outside TruMedicine (or the group of companies of which TruMedicines is a part) without your consent, except as noted in this Policy. Parties with whom we may share your information: We may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data (such as usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.), with organizations that help us provide the Service to you ("Service Providers"). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms. We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information would allow third-party ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
We may license the image data to outside companies or organizations for their internal use only. No user IDs or any other personally identifying metadata will ever be attached along with the images. We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information. What happens in the event of a change of control: If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of TruMedicine or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such as name and email address, User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred. You will continue to own your User Content. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy. Instances where we may be required to share your information: TruMedicine will disclose your information where required to do so by law or by judicial process or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to: comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement enforce our Terms of Use protect the security or integrity of our Service exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of TruMedicine, our Users or others 4. HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION Storage and Processing: The images taken by you are stored indefinitely. Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which TruMedicine, a company in the same group of companies as TruMedicines or Service Providers maintain facilities. TruMedicine may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which TruMedicine, a company in the same group of companies as TruMedicine or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the control access to emails between you and TruMedicine, at all times. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to TruMedicine make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization. 5. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION How long we keep your User Content: Following termination or deactivation of your account, TruMedicine may retain information and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes. If you have any questions about termination or deactivation of your account, please contact us directly at contact@MobileTruMedicine.com. 6. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY TruMedicine does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at contact@TruMedicines.com 7. OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES We are not responsible for the practices employed by any web sites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another web site or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party web site or service, including those that have a link on our web site, are subject to that third party's own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party web site or service and you allow them to access your User Content you do so at your own risk. 8. TECHNOLOGY Our service employs a proprietary technology that utilizes both computer vision and crowdsourcing. 9. HOW TO CONTACT US If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us at contact@TruMedicines.com 10. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY TruMedicine may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of TruMedicine or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
TruMedicine's End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between You (either an individual or a single entity) and TruMedicine software("SOFTWARE"). By installing, copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE, You agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If You do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not install or use the SOFTWARE. 1.GRANT OF LICENSE. TruMedicines hereby grants You a limited, personal, non-commercial, non-exclusive license to use the SOFTWARE solely as embedded in the TruMedicines products. The SOFTWARE is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. The SOFTWARE is licensed, not sold.2.LIMITATIONS-You shall not rent, lease, or lend the SOFTWARE. You shall not reverse engineer, decompile, decrypt, disassemble, or make derivate works of the SOFTWARE or permit or induce the foregoing except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation. You shall not remove or alter any copyright notices on the SOFTWARE. You may make one copy of the SOFTWARE as may be necessary for backup and archival purposes only. TruMedicines may provide You with support services related to the SOFTWARE ("SUPPORT SERVICES"). Any supplemental software code provided to You as part of the SUPPORT SERVICES shall be considered part of the SOFTWARE and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA.3.CONFIDENTIALITY-You shall have a duty to protect and not to disclose or cause to be disclosed in whole or in part of confidential information of the SOFTWARE including but not limited to copyrights, trade secrets, and intellectual property rights in any form to any third party. You shall prevent any unauthorized persons or entities from using the SOFTWARE, and shall prevent the SOFTWARE from unauthorized copying, publication, or circulation.4.INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS-You acknowledge and agree that all copyrights, intellectual property rights, and interest to or arising from the SOFTWARE are and shall remain the exclusive property of TruMedicines. Any unauthorized use of the aforesaid rights is a violation of this EULA as well as a violation of related intellectual property laws.5.TERM AND TERMINATION-This EULA will be effective as of the date You install the SOFTWARE. You may terminate this License at any time by ceasing all use of the SOFTWARE and promptly removing the SOFTWARE from TruMedicines product. Without prejudice to any other rights, TruMedicines may terminate this EULA if You fail to comply with any of the terms and conditions of this EULA. In such event, You shall promptly remove the SOFTWARE and all copies of the SOFTWARE in Your possession.6.LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITIES-TruMedicines makes no warranties for the SOFTWARE. The SOFTWARE is provided AS IS without any express or implied warranty of any kind, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, or fitness of a particular purpose. TruMedicines does not warrant or assume responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any information including but not limited to text, graphics, links, or other items contained within the SOFTWARE. TruMedicines makes no warranties respecting any harm that may be caused by the transmission of a computer virus, worm, time bomb, logic bomb, or other such computer program. TruMedicines further expressly disclaims any warranty or representation to You or to any third party.You agree to take the entire risk of using this SOFTWARE. In no event shall TruMedicines be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other damages in connection with or arising out of this EULA including but not limited to loss of profit, interruption, loss of data, or any pecuniary loss. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, TruMedicines's maximum aggregate liability to You for all claims, liabilities or obligations arising under or relating to this EULA shall in no event exceed all amounts paid by You for the SOFTWARE.7.GENERAL PROVISIONS-This EULA shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Washington State, United States of America. Except for rights granted in this EULA, all other rights are reserved by TruMedicines. The provisions of this EULA are separable, and the unenforceability of one or more provisions shall not affect the enforceability of any other. The parties hereto agree to submit all disputes arising from or related to this EULA or its performance hereunder to the Washington State District Court in the first instance.

August 2016
